[DNM/WIP] doc: matter: update docs for CHIP Tool (#7326)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_matter_configuring_env.rst

The controller can be installed on a PC or a mobile phone.
Both the Thread Border Router and the Matter controller must support IPv6 communication over backbone network, for example Wi-Fi or Ethernet.

.. _ug_matter_configuring_pc_chip_tool:

> Configuring Thread Border Router and the CHIP Tool Matter controller on PC

Reviewer: Pity that we have the tool named CHIP tool but the CHIP is the deprecated denotation of Matter... not sure we can refine this anyway :)

==========================================================================

In this setup, the Matter controller is installed on PC, and a dedicated Wi-Fi Access Point and the CHIP Tool Matter controller are used.
This is the recommended setup.

.. matter_env_ctrl_pc_start

.. figure:: images/matter_otbr_controller_separate_pc.svg
   :width: 600
   :alt: Setup with OpenThread Border Router and Matter controller on PC

.. matter_env_ctrl_pc_end

Requirements
------------

To use this setup, you need the following hardware:

* 1x PC with Ubuntu (20.04 or newer)
* 1x Raspberry Pi Model 3B+ or newer (along with an SD card with at least 8 GB of memory)
* 1x Wi-Fi Access Point supporting IPv6 (without the IPv6 Router Advertisement Guard enabled on the router)
* 1x nRF52840 DK or nRF52840 Dongle - for the Radio Co-Processor (RCP) device

> * 1x nRF52840 DK or nRF5340 DK - for the Matter accessory device (programmed with one of :ref:`matter_samples`)

Reviewer 2: Maybe we could use a more general term, such as `Nordic Semiconductor's board` as the number of supported board will grow in the future. We already support nRF21 and Thingy:53 (not yet released, but still...).

Author: "Nordic Semiconductor's board" could suggest even nRF52811, so it's risky. Is there a way to narrow down the selection? Maybe a requirement that we can mention, like the 1 MB of flash memory? Or link to the Matter HW requirements page once it is ready?

Reviewer 2: Sample README typically list supported boards, so I thought we don't need a further restriction.

1. Program the Matter accessory device with one of available :ref:`matter_samples`.
#. Configure the Thread Border Router on a PC or on a Raspberry Pi, depending on what hardware you are using.
   For detailed steps, see the Running OTBR using Docker section on the :ref:`ug_thread_tools_tbr` page in the |NCS| documentation.
#. Configure the controller, depending on the controller you want to use:

   * CHIP Tool controller

>       a. Complete the following the steps from the sections of the :doc:`matter:chip_tool_guide` in the Matter documentation:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      a. Complete the following steps from the :doc:`matter:chip_tool_guide` user guide in the Matter documentation:
```
?

>       a. Complete the following the steps from the sections of the :doc:`matter:chip_tool_guide` in the Matter documentation:

Reviewer: One redundant "the" ?

         * Build and run the CHIP Tool by completing the steps listed in "Building and running CHIP Tool".
         * Prepare the environment for testing by completing the steps listed in "Using CHIP Tool for Matter device testing".

   * Python Matter controller:

      a. Build the controller using one of the options described in :ref:`ug_matter_configuring_controller_pc`.
      #. Complete the following steps from the :doc:`matter:python_chip_controller_building` user guide in the Matter documentation:

>          * Building and installing - which prepares your CHIPTool for commissioning.

Reviewer: CHIPTool? Aren't we in the Python Matter Contoller scope?

>          * Running the tool - which gives you access to Bluetooth interface.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
         * Running the tool - which opens the command line interface
```
?
BLE is just one of many features of the tool, so we shouldn't suggest it's the primary feature or so.
